Hey everyone. Now that you've finished setting up your workspace and installing python.
Let's look at how to work with the project file.
So first what you can do is
click the download project file in the
content.
And it will automatically get downloaded right now.
It's here.
The slide this away.
Go to your computer this PC.
Go to any drive that you have free.
Just create a new folder.
see EV
in this new folder what we can do is
Just drag this and drop here.
Okay.
That's it now.
In the new folder you have your zip file that you've downloaded.
Right click on this I click extract here.
You can either click extract here if you have WinRAR
Or you can click extract here in the.
7Zip dropdown, Okay.
Click this or this now click extract here.
So you have extracted the data that is in
the zip file open this
Now what's going to happen is this is the main admin of
it.
You can see the cursor, right?
click this
Now it's going to cause an error.
Let's see what the error is.
file BMS_main.uno needs to
be inside a sketch folder named BMS_main
Okay.
So what is happening here?
What is happening? The BMS_main is not
inside a folder named BMS_main.
It is inside a folder name
BS BMS_Main/main
So what you need to do is go back.
right click
rename
Let's remove this.
main part
right.
Let's close all the programs.
Okay.
Let's try again.
rename
done. Okay. Now BMS_main
is the name of the folder open this click on this
Arduino file.
Okay. So this is the file that is going to be uploaded on
to the Arduino.
So this is how, the basic code works and to make
it simpler to read we have split the code into
multiple sections. So in the battery management system
section first while that is
this just outputs all the data to the
Python program. We'll understand how the Python program works later.
But this is basically the output part but let's look
at the calculation part. This is the battery voltage part.
This is the control part. This is the current
sensor to extract all the current
data the output current from the Arduino of the
battery management system and the temperatures from the
ambient temperature that is the room temperature
and temperature for cell number one cell number two.
right
So this is what where all the calculations happen.
And this is where all the calculations for the battery voltages happen.
This is
all the functions that deal with
controlling the charging discharging of the battery
maintenance system.
So you can send and receive data through here.
So we'll understand how this works much better
in the next level.
So this is basically just click.
upload, just select first of all select
your Arduino Nano select which
bootloader it needs to be installed on.
select the port
COM6.
And just select upload once uploaded it will
go on to the BMS.
That it upload first.
It might take some time to upload depending on your PC now that it's completed
uploading go to tools go to
serial monitor.
now
Right. You need to switch on your BMS?
You will start getting all the data here.
Okay, so these are the iterations and this is all all
the data. You don't have to be able to read this.
This is unable I know but
This data will go into the Python
program.
This is the Python program.
It's called BMS_analytics.py.
so
Your Arduino is currently COM6 right now.
That is because USB serial rate.
These are all Bluetooths whatever other COM ports or
communication ports are available on your PC will be displayed here.
But go with the port that says USB serial
CS340
type in
COM6
start the battery management system dialog box.
That's that's basically it.
You get to the dashboard and we'll learn how the dashboard
Works later.
Thank you.